[Music]
hi i'm stephanie manley with copykat.com
today we're gonna revisit the Olive
Garden
we just love recipes from the olive
garden today we're gonna make the pasta
fazool soup so many of you love this
recipe and we are going to prepare this
recipe for you right now so we've got
lots of ingredients in this Olive Garden
pasta fazool
we have ground meat that's not pictured
here but we're gonna go ahead and brown
it up and then we've got white beans we
have Tippie beans we have two jars of
marinara sauce just use your favorite
kind a couple of cans of diced tomatoes
we have some low-sodium beef broth it's
a really good idea to use the low-sodium
because we don't want to get in too much
salt then we have chopped onions chopped
celery
[Music]
give carats a little bit of Tabasco or
just a little bit of heat some ground
black pepper oregano
[Music]
parsley finally some dry pasta so use
whatever you have on hand I'm using
penne pasta right here but it really
doesn't matter what you use so let's go
ahead and get started cooking that
recipe okay we're going to begin by
sweating the vegetables so that means
we're gonna just cook up the celery and
the onions and everything until the
onions are translucent now I'm sweating
them in a couple of tablespoons of
butter you can use vegetable oil both
work equally as well this is at a medium
to a medium-high heat
so my onions are almost translucent and
I'm gonna go ahead and add in my ground
meat I'm using a really lean ground meat
so I'm not gonna drain this but if
you're using something that's fifteen or
twenty percent fat in your hamburger
meat you may want to go ahead and drain
this but again this is extremely lean so
we're just gonna break this up and let
it brown for a few minutes and then
we'll add in everything else don't be
concerned that the meat isn't fully
cooked at this point
the soups gonna cook for an additional
45 minutes so by the time the soups done
the meat will be cooked thoroughly okay
we're gonna begin by adding everything
else into our pot and again that's two
jars of marinara sauce the mirin era
sauce helps flavor the soup itself so
you don't have to worry about a lot of
seasoning so go ahead pick out your
favorite kind of marinara sauce I always
buy extra but it goes on sale so I have
plenty on hand
we're going to go ahead and add our
canned diced tomatoes
[Music]
we're gonna add in our white beans we're
going to add in our red kidney beans
[Music]
see it's looking really good already
we're gonna add in our black pepper
we're gonna add in our egg I know we're
gonna add in our parsley a little bit of
Tabasco for a little bit of heat and
then we're gonna add in our beef broth
again I really recommend you using a low
sodium cause you don't want your soup
over salted even before you get the
chance to season it yourself I raise now
we're gonna add in our pasta if you plan
on freezing the soup
you may want to cook your pasta before
and add it just before serving but
sometimes freezing pasta makes it soft
and mushy so just a tip if you want to
freeze the soup don't add your pasta in
until just before serving we're gonna
eat all of our soup right away so we're
gonna go ahead and add in our pasta and
we're gonna let the liquid that's in the
soup cook the pasta so the students been
cooking for about 35 to 45 minutes and
you can see it's just chocked full of
beans and meat with tomatoes and carrots
it's gonna be so good
we've just finished making the Olive
Garden's pasta fazool soup so please
come to my website copykat.com because
there are lots more recipes at ich just
like they do in the Olive Garden's
hi I'm Stephanie Manley have you ever
wondered how your favorite restaurant
makes that special dish well I put
together over 1500 recipes that taste
just like they do in the restaurant
visit copykat.com and find recipes from
the olive guard
steakhouse the cracker barrel and so
much more
visit copykat.com and discover recipes
such as the olive garden alfredo sauce
olive garden salad dressing and hooter's
fried pickles you've tried it in the
restaurant now make it at home
[Music]